[Music]
the husband didn't have it no way
no way let's see family one thing one
little thing
they're canceling Mike Crack
in many press releases okay here
specifically Semana magazine that's careful
Semana magazine
but Semana magazine from Spain and
Semana magazine from here in Spain a
magazine goddess time
but well a lot I don't care semana
YouTube channel Mike Crack would invite
children to self-harm the channel
has more than 30 million
subscribers and although at first glance it
seemed to have content for children in
reality its videos are harmful
to them it's
not a secret the internet is full
of all kinds of content however its
plurality at the same time is also its
greatest risk and that is that with just one
click anyone can go from
educational pages to platforms with
violent videos or of a character not for
everything in the blink of an eye
precisely the latent risks that the
internet harbors have led to
new alerts being issued every day so that
parents do not allow
their children Nabel only on the internet
in that sense to monitor and control the
type of content that
minors consume  vital to prevent
delicate situations resulting from
exposure to harmful material okay
the thing is that they say this song
will have copyright man I do
n't know if they have it or lose of god I
'm going to react has it as I lose
after there weren't any
but I'm going to say that this song
incites kids to
self-harm okay the character it
refers to is excel
which is recurrent in several videos
published on the channel and
characteristic evidence that could
negatively affect the mentality and attitude
of children I think that thing of the crazy excel
no
how crazy how
crazy now I put on that air
I think he exists a character not
be a character it is not a fad it is not
like for example they are and period it is the
bad version of any character okay
you have known how to explain it you have gotten out of the
way ex are corrupt characters yes it
is like any character mario period
except and in various demonic or solís or
mickey
was a fad at the time one of the
kids
how nice to be back home although it
is clear that firefighters understand
things in their own way
our kid me too although I think
this souvenir will help me overcome it  already
starting today on sálvame
they are criticizing youtube
saying
[Music]
that they charge very little or something like that it's the
same thing they criticize us because they charge a lot
that they charge a little today they are
saying on salvame that they knew someone who
had a million subscribers and 40
million views and with 40 million
views he didn't even reach three thousand euros and
it's like [ __ ] because he won't monetize or his life
so everything is yellow because
something else a little bit well guys I'm going
home to do my best see you tomorrow
bye
smile
this is it no more the thing no
here he is telling the kids to
smile more up to here okay
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music] it
's me [
Music] eye ​​eye
that looks in the mirror and well in
minecraft point s
[Music]
don't pretend a little more I'm going to make you laugh
just like
I am the solution of course or rather if I don't
understand it wrong if I don't understand it wrong the
move of course if I don't understand it wrong the
move is that
in  the song appears his alter ego
his alter ego in the mirror his exe version
and wants to hurt him
but the boomers who write the
article understand it as if the mirror
is the same the same
inciting himself to harm himself
when the reality is that if you know the
context and know the history
you know that on the contrary that is
the bad one the one who wants to hurt you that is my function of course the boomers yes yes it smells it smells closed the article flies closed tyler the boom in it interpreted as that in
the conscience to which he is telling
the kid himself
my mother
madrid-
d
destroys everything else
to go up if nothing else and by painting
you will smile more smiles more with rules
more smiles more
the original video is 1000 hd
in hd it
is terrible
hd I
can't see that god I
don't trust watching it
sometimes they give them look if they give it to them I
can see it too
and you
have copyright [ __ ]
[Applause]
[Music]
and besides
this is not the guy let's see I'm going to put another
article that paulo just sent me a
ban is coming of course we
don't see it family no  we are
very calm they
tell me that in elche
that in this other the time that they put him in a
hard on is this Diego Santos
family it is very important that everyone reads
right now we have a
psychiatric process with one of my students he is
only going to turn seven years old because of the
videos that he has seen and internalized
altering his behavior with
others in a violent way crying
every night and self-harming I
want to warn you that a
youtube channel called minecraft which is of
a recognized character the minecraft video game
that our children play so much in these
videos of songs episodes that
invite children to hurt themselves
this is my crack okay
this is my crack
[Music]
no no
what I saw as dad was creepy
a devilish yellow doll full of
bandages and with red eyes
singing a song in which he repeated
that destroy everything you could want
destroy everything you fear to lose
goodbye to the heart forget your passion I will
make you die in life
here he complains that people applaud the
song instead of canceling it
and whoever is Mike crack one in you would
go that a pedophile or sick  mental in
light of the content of the channel but not
the creator of minecraft is a young
Spanish man named such and such, 28 years old,
how strong the message God
who protects then ours, the child, well the
parents, well the parents,
my goodness,
my goodness today is the one who protects the
screws, I vote as a mother, I think if
you fix that hair you will look
younger and what do I do
and what does he want me to become
faithful at all times, what does
pedophilia have to do
with the video?
Really, how he liked the media,
fame, everything that is the youtuber
Italy,
how he likes to defame, let's see, I understand
that maybe
the song and the lyrics can be interpreted
and maybe children
can misinterpret it or there is some
child who confuses and does not understand the
context of the song, okay, but that does not
mean that the kid who made
the song did it with bad
intentions, do you understand me,
but come on, they go over three lines
[Music]